# c<sub>2</sub> invariant calculations by Chevalley-Warning method

Code for computing c_2 invariants of completed primitive graphs in phi4 theory using the Chevalley-Warning method and polynomial manipulation.

A list of c_2s computed at 11 loops using this method is included.

## Requirements

* [Giac : C++ library for symbolic computation](https://www-fourier.ujf-grenoble.fr/~parisse/giac.html) - The code was tested with version 1.4.9-59. The linear algebra library was used to compute symbolic determinants for Dodgson polynomials. The instructions for installing the library are [here](https://www-fourier.ujf-grenoble.fr/~parisse/giac_compile.html).
* C++ compiler - We compile with -std=c++0x. gcc version 4.4.7 was used.
* OpenMP - The OpenMP library that was packaged with gcc version 4.4.7 was used.
* Maple - Maple 18 was used but presumably any version should work.

## Usage
We require the graphs to be in the same format as in the Periods file of https://arxiv.org/abs/1603.04289. 

1. `cd` into the directory containing this repository
2. `make gen`
3. `make c2`
4. `./gen (graphfile)` to generate the edge sequence. A sample graph file is included as `graphs.txt`. This will calculate c_2 invariant for the P8,39 modular graph. To calculate the c_2 for a different graph, replace the line in the `graphs.txt` with a different graph.
5. `maple make_recipe.m` to generate the recipe file.
6. `./c2cw.out (recipe file)`. For example, the default `(recipe file)` generated by `graphs.txt` will be called `Period[8,39]`.
7. c2 will be calculated up to p=31. Results are written in "c2.txt".

Optional : One can change the number of threads used by changing `const int NUM_THREADS = x` in server_c2.cpp.
